README.md, before:

# c9.ide.desktop
Adds a desktop GUI to cloud9's ide using x11.

**Please Note: That this plugin only works on ubuntu systems if using the c9sdk and the official c9.io platform**

# What is this used for
Any programs that need a gui interface to write out to, such as Python's turtle package, can use this approach to develop and test in cloud9.


# Commands

Open Desktop in new Tab:
MAC: `COMMAND-SHIFT-ALT-D`
WIN: `CTRL-SHIFT-ALT-D`

# Installation

use command `c9 install c9.ide.desktop` and then reload your editor.

In order to use custom plugins during alpha you need to change some settings in your c9 workspace.

Go to `Cloud9>Preferences>Experimental>SDK` and enable the two toggles for `Load Plugins From Workspace` and `Load Custom Plugins`. That should do the trick!

**Please Note: That this will install needed packages automatically. Any issues please file an issue here at github**

Does it not work when you clikc 'start desktop'? Make sure you have added websocketfy

```
$> sudo apt-get install websockify
```

# Usage

There are two commands that are built into the editor. These are accessible under the view menu at the top of the ide.

![c9 view menu location](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/shadowcodex/c9.ide.desktop/master/assets/c9_view.png)

The Start Command will run the start the x11 vnc server. **YOU ONLY NEED TO DO THIS ONCE**

The Open Desktop Command will open the VNC connection in a new tab allowing you to view your x11 desktop.

![c9 view menu location](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/shadowcodex/c9.ide.desktop/master/assets/c9_view_commands.png)

1) Once you have the desktop open then click connect. **NO PASSWORD IS NEEDED**

![c9 view menu location](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/shadowcodex/c9.ide.desktop/master/assets/c9_vnc_connect.png)

2) Once you connect you should see a screen like so...

![c9 view menu location](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/shadowcodex/c9.ide.desktop/master/assets/c9_desktop.png)
 
3) Then to access programs just use the right click menu **(Right Click anywhere on the black desktop)**

![c9 view menu location](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/shadowcodex/c9.ide.desktop/master/assets/c9_desktop_menu.png)

4) Profit with your new desktop enviornment in c9!

![c9 view menu location](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/shadowcodex/c9.ide.desktop/master/assets/c9_desktop_profit.png)

Commit message:

added note about npmlog bug
added note about npmlog bug.

README.md, after:

# c9.ide.desktop
Adds a desktop GUI to cloud9's ide using x11.

**Please Note: That this plugin only works on ubuntu systems if using the c9sdk and the official c9.io platform**

# Installation Bug with Cloud9's Plugin System... (npmlog)

Currently as far as I can tell, all plugin installs are failing on cloud9's system. They say they might know what caused it, but if you try to install this and get an error about 'NPMLOG', that is a known issue. Please report the issue and troubles on cloud9's thread for this: https://community.c9.io/t/cannot-find-module-npmlog-when-trying-to-install-scala-plugin-for-cloud9/6846/6

That's the most we can do until they get this fixed. If they fix it, I'll update this section of the readme.

# What is this used for
Any programs that need a gui interface to write out to, such as Python's turtle package, can use this approach to develop and test in cloud9.


# Commands

Open Desktop in new Tab:
MAC: `COMMAND-SHIFT-ALT-D`
WIN: `CTRL-SHIFT-ALT-D`

# Installation

use command `c9 install c9.ide.desktop` and then reload your editor.

In order to use custom plugins during alpha you need to change some settings in your c9 workspace.

Go to `Cloud9>Preferences>Experimental>SDK` and enable the two toggles for `Load Plugins From Workspace` and `Load Custom Plugins`. That should do the trick!

**Please Note: That this will install needed packages automatically. Any issues please file an issue here at github**

Does it not work when you clikc 'start desktop'? Make sure you have added websocketfy

```
$> sudo apt-get install websockify
```

# Usage

There are two commands that are built into the editor. These are accessible under the view menu at the top of the ide.

![c9 view menu location](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/shadowcodex/c9.ide.desktop/master/assets/c9_view.png)

The Start Command will run the start the x11 vnc server. **YOU ONLY NEED TO DO THIS ONCE**

The Open Desktop Command will open the VNC connection in a new tab allowing you to view your x11 desktop.

![c9 view menu location](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/shadowcodex/c9.ide.desktop/master/assets/c9_view_commands.png)

1) Once you have the desktop open then click connect. **NO PASSWORD IS NEEDED**

![c9 view menu location](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/shadowcodex/c9.ide.desktop/master/assets/c9_vnc_connect.png)

2) Once you connect you should see a screen like so...

![c9 view menu location](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/shadowcodex/c9.ide.desktop/master/assets/c9_desktop.png)
 
3) Then to access programs just use the right click menu **(Right Click anywhere on the black desktop)**

![c9 view menu location](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/shadowcodex/c9.ide.desktop/master/assets/c9_desktop_menu.png)

4) Profit with your new desktop enviornment in c9!

![c9 view menu location](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/shadowcodex/c9.ide.desktop/master/assets/c9_desktop_profit.png)
